The Great War lemurs became the Marshal General...
...who started their own life on behalf of the country and the air force.
This is the reason.
To protect the house, to protect the country,
for the first time, the
army of Dar tightens the
first of its forces…
…p mostτ
…and makes the next great victory.
look, I see a spiritual reminding more in the shadow of big wars
Goodness is of high merit here.
On April 8th I, however, until the very end of the war,
my staunchest praise and respect that country must packs
is as what reminds us of itsir own light.
I am the only one who has the heart to abandon myself,
to abandon myself,
and to complete the purpose of the Great East War.
However, as the saying goes,
in order to establish a single state of the great nation,
the Yoku San Shigi Association has already been established,
and the function of the Great East Yoku San Association has been expanded.
We have been committed to the country's prosperity,
and to the internal justice without any worries,
and to the continuation of the war.
In the UK, the next meeting will be held in the capital of the New Japan Party,
and the newspaper will be published,
and the national debate will be held on the same day.
In the UK, the people will be elected,
and the people will be represented in the voice of the United Kingdom.
I am very happy to be elected.